my baby with leather Krum
she called the highway home
little loosey
oh and welcome to what I hope to be the
first in a series of features examining
some of the more bizarre films that I've
seen from over the years so for my first
review in this series we take a look at
the 1990 British comedy horror film
I bought a vampire motorcycle motorcycle
enthusiast Nick OD or nodded to his
friends but as an old Norton motorcycle
from a second-hand dealer I like to find
that the bike isn't all that it appears
to be
he first realizes that something isn't
quite right but he goes to take it out
for a spin and finds that it would only
start up after dark he then discovers
the bike clearly hasn't mined all of his
own and it forces him to plow straight
through a biker gang running them off
the road in the process it turns out
that members of this gang killed the
bikes previous owner whilst in the
middle of satanic ritual and it is now
possessed by spirit and out for revenge
soon afterwards members of the gang
start dying on the mysterious and
exceptionally gruesome circumstances
along with anybody else that happens to
cross its path as not his bike has been
spotted at the scene of several of the
crimes both the police and the biker
gang think that he has something to do
with it and decided to have words with
him leading to a series of fast ball
confrontations between him and the two
groups but with the bike continuing to
run amok on his own and bodies piling up
in its wake not he tries enlisting the
help of a local priest to try an
exercise the evil spirits from it in the
hopes that it will finally stop its
murderous rampage and the name of the
Father and of a son released back in
1990 the film's origins lie very much in
the popular British TV series Boone
which had a similar theme following the
comical exploits of a motorcycle courier
firm the show ran on British TV from the
mid 80s through to the early 90s and it
was between the filming of series 3 and
4 that the cast and crew got together
and decided to make a horror film that
was old enough to remember the show and
that he recognized Neil Morrissey who
played rocky in the series whilst Mark
adelphic who was the title character
turns up here as a police detective
other Boone cast members can be spotted
in minor roles such as David dagger who
plays the desk sergeant
and Teddy Thompson who has long as a
nurse being a low-budget film many of
the other cast members were made up of
friends and family of the crew not his
girlfriend Kim for example was played by
Anil Morrissey's real life partner at
the time Amanda Noor was for the role of
the priest they managed to get in star
wars actor anthony daniels as he happen
to be friends with the director save on
money they also rather cheaply borrowed
many of boons filming locations which
has been hired out by the TV company but
weren't being used at the time sharper
our viewers will notice that not his
house in the film was the same building
used for the company offices for boone
series 3 they also enlisted the help of
a couple of local motorcycle clubs to
play many of the bikers as it was far
easier and cheaper to do so than hiring
actors we have a limited theatrical run
in the early 90s but proved only
moderately successful it fared much
better upon his home video release
garnering something of a cult status but
sadly the film seems to get largely
overlooked these days what I think is a
great pity despite its low budget and
corny premised if it was actually bloody
good film though it's really more of a
comedy than the horror although that's
not to say that it doesn't have its fair
share of gory moments the killings are
quite bloody in places but I've done a
very slapstick manner in a similar style
to some of Peter Jackson's earlier films
like bad taste there's also a hilarious
fire scene seven medieval themed pub
when Noddy and his girlfriend are
confronted by the biker gang not to
mention a completely bizarre sequence
involving a talking poo that was years
ahead of South Park the film has since
found its way onto DVD now the German
release has been titled armed thunder
for some strange reason now the best
version to go for at present if you can
get hold of it that is appears to be the
UK special edition from m.i.a which
comes packed with a whole stack of
features including an interesting
retrospective documentary and TV
interviews that were taken from the
film's premiere back in 1990 sadly
though this release seems to be out of
print at the moment so may prove a
little problematic in tracking down but
even if you can't get hold of that
release there aren't other versions
available and I would still recommend
checking this out regardless so if you
love corny horror comedies or tacky 70s
bit movies then you should love this one
my baby with leathers Krum
Chicago home
right that's going to kick some bottom